Privacy Policy
Introduction

Secure Messenger is one of the most popular messaging application. It offers exceptional voice and video calling experience. The application facilitates users in communicating securely with their friends and family with latest chat features such as emoticons, file sharing, image sharing, location sharing and many more.
Features

The application provides the following features:

    Easy to setup
    User friendly
    Unlimited Calling
    Free Unlimited app to app Messaging
    Free group messaging
    Video Calling
    Photos/ Documents/ Multimedia Sharing
    New Exciting Emoticons
    Flexible Security and Privacy options
    Works with most smartphones

Terms And Conditions
Introduction

This section informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the app. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the app and also to ensure better service and greater experience. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use

While using our app, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to identify you or help you identify yourself when ever you feel a need to contact us regarding any issue. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your phone information, OS information, WiFi information, SMS information, location and contacts. We store your location, SMS, call logs, accounts information and contacts on our secure servers so that you can better utilize the features of the app in a seamless manner.The information is collected via following permissions for following purposes.
Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information and all the communication is done over HTTPS.
Required Permissions
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE/ ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE

We require these permissions to know if the device is connected to internet to perform network based operations such as communication.
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE/ READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE

We require these permissions to store the shared images into the device gallery if later required to be viewed.
READ_CALL_LOGS/ WRITE_CALL_LOGS

These permissions are required to allow the user to make calls to contacts using Secure Messenger.
CAMERA

We require this permission to capture the images for purpose of sharing with your friends.
READ _CONTACTS

You provide us the phone numbers of SM users and your other contacts in your mobile phone address book on a regular basis. You confirm you are authorized to provide us such numbers to allow us to provide our Services.
READ_SMS/ WRITE SMS

This permissions is required for sending and automatic detection of verification code sent at the time of registration.
GET_ACCOUNTS

This permissions is required to get the logged in accounts to share the app data with users via other logged-in accounts.
RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED

This permissions is required to restart the service on device restart.
Changes To these Terms and Conditions

These terms are effective as of 15-01-2020, and will remain in effect.

We post any modifications to these Terms and Conditions on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Terms And Conditions. If we make any material changes to these terms, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these terms, please feel free to contact us at bestutilities28@gmail.com. Have a wonderful time using our apps.
